Dr. Greene:
YOU UNDERSTAND
THAT IN ADDITION
TO THE OVER 90% BLOCKAGE
WE CLEARED FROM TWO
OF YOUR ARTERIES,
WE ALSO DISCOVERED
AN EXTREMELY SERIOUS
ARRHYTHMIC HEART CONDITION,
RIGHT?
BUT I'LL FULLY RECOVER.
IF YOU REDUCE THE STRESS
IN YOUR LIFE,
IF YOU CHANGE YOUR DIET,
AND YOU SHOULD THINK ABOUT
RETIREMENT OR DISABILITY.
WELL, I --
I CA-- DISABILITY?
[ MONITOR BEEPING ]
WHOA, WHOA.
I'M ABOUT TO START A NEW JOB,
A DESK JOB.
VERY -- VERY LOW STRESS.
DESCRIBE THIS
LOW-STRESS DESK JOB.
DEPUTY CHIEF OF THE SPECIAL
OPERATIONS BUREAU
AT THE L.A.P.D.
AND YOUR DUTIES ARE?
[ GUNSHOTS ]
JUST MANAGING.
TACTICAL SUPPORT.
GO!
Woman: HELP HIM!
HOSTAGE RESCUE.
[ CHUCKLES ]
I KNOW IT SOUNDS
A LOT HARDER THAN IT IS,
BUT, YOU KNOW, I FEEL --
I FEEL FINE.
LOOK, WE GET PEOPLE
BACK ON THEIR FEET
A LOT FASTER
THAN WE USED TO,
BUT YOU GOING BACK TO WORK
IN A HIGH-PRESSURE JOB
LIKE THAT
IS RISKING YOUR LIFE.
DOC,
I'VE BEEN RISKING MY LIFE
EVERY DAY
FOR THE PAST 27 YEARS.
AND WHAT I DO,
IT'S NOT A JOB.
IT'S A CALLING.
PLUS I GOT A REALLY,
REALLY BIG RAISE.
AND SOME PRETTY INCREDIBLE
HEALTH INSURANCE,
WHICH I'M GONNA NEED,
APPARENTLY.
MM-HMM.
YOU REALLY WANT
TO SIT AT A DESK
WEARING THIS EXTERNAL PACEMAKER,
WE'LL TRY IT.
SEE HOW WE DO.
IT'S A LITTLE BULKY.
BUY BIGGER SHIRTS.
AND REMEMBER,
YOU'RE GONNA WEAR IT 24/7
UNTIL I SAY OTHERWISE.
Fritz: WHAT EXACTLY DOES
THIS EXTERNAL PACEMAKER DO?
WHAT DOES IT DO?
IT KEEPS YOU FROM DYING
IN CASE YOUR HEART
STARTS FREAKING OUT.
KEEPS ME FROM DYING HOW?
UH,
WITH AN ELECTRIC CHARGE,
OPERATING AT ABOUT 70%
OF THE POWER OF THOSE PADDLES.
OH. SO IT'S GONNA GIVE ME
A WARNING WHEN --
NOPE.
IT WILL SHOCK YOU.
IF THAT'S POSSIBLE.
NOW, I'M GONNA SIGN
THIS MEDICAL RELEASE
PROVIDED YOU PROMISE
TO TAKE ALL YOUR MEDICATION.
I'VE INCLUDED A PRETTY
HEAVY-DUTY BLOOD THINNER,
SO IF YOU GET SHOT
PUSHING PAPER AROUND YOUR DESK,
IT WAS NICE KNOWING YOU.
THANKS, DOC.
IF YOU'RE STILL ALIVE,
I'D LIKE TO SEE YOU NEXT WEEK.
[ HEART BEATING ]
WE HAVE A MISSING POLICE
OFFICER, KATE SHERMAN,
FEMALE,
POSSIBLY ABDUCTED.
HOW DID WE ARRIVE
AT THAT CONCLUSION?
TWO OTHER YOUNG WOMEN
HAVE RECENTLY DISAPPEARED
FROM THIS CLUB.
KATE WAS HERE UNDERCOVER
TRYING TO FIGURE OUT
HOW THAT HAPPENED,
AND MAYBE
SHE SUCCEEDED TOO WELL.
DID OFFICER SHERMAN
HAVE BACKUP?
Flynn: YES.
THAT'S WHY WE HAVE A BIT
OF A TURF BATTLE ON OUR HANDS.
THERE'S NO TURF BATTLE.
MISSING, KIDNAPPED,
MURDERED L.A.P.D. OFFICERS
ARE MAJOR CRIMES.
TELL IT TO S.O.B., NOT ME.
S.O.B.?
Buzz: LIEUTENANT.
OH, CAPTAIN. EXCUSE ME.
I JUST FOUND
SOME SURVEILLANCE CAMERAS
IN THE LADIES' ROOM
IN A VERY WRONG PLACE.
GO ON.
I'LL CATCH UP.
Sharon:
WHO OWNS THE CLUB?
WE'RE LOOKING INTO IT.
THE MANAGER IS NOT HERE.
ANY WITNESSES?
NO ONE IN HERE
REMEMBERS KATE.
NO ONE SAW HER LEAVE.
NO ONE TALKED TO HER.
THE USUAL.
ANYONE SUSPECT
SHE WAS A COP?
NOT YET.
LET'S KEEP IT THAT WAY.
AMY, TRY AND LOCATE
OUR MISSING MANAGER
FOR US, WILL YOU?
JUST HUNTING FOR A CAN OR A CUP
WITH KATE SHERMAN'S PRINTS
ON IT.
YOU THINK
SHE WAS DRUGGED.
MIGHT EXPLAIN WHY SHE LEFT HERE
WITHOUT HER PARTNER.
BY THE WAY, COMMANDER McGINNIS
IS HERE, SO DON'T LOOK UP.
McGinnis:
CAPTAIN RAYDOR.
I DID NOT REALIZE
WE'D REQUESTED HELP FROM S.O.B.
WELL, WE HAVEN'T.
THE COMMANDER INSISTS
THAT OUR MISSING OFFICER
IS A SPECIAL CASE.
YOUR KIDNAPPED OFFICER WAS
FROM MY GANG-INTELLIGENCE UNIT.
I ONLY LOANED HER OUT
FOR THE NIGHT.
ODERNO, YOU'RE UP.
DETECTIVE ROBBY ODERNO,
MA'AM, MISSING PERSONS.
I WAS TRYING TO CATCH A LEAD
ON TWO GIRLS WHO DISAPPEARED --
I'VE HEARD THIS ALREADY.
WHY DID YOU WANT TO BRING
OFFICER SHERMAN HERE
THIS EVENING?
THE TWO PREVIOUS VICTIMS
LOOKED ALIKE.
IT MADE ME WONDER
IF THE KIDNAPPER HAD A TYPE.
NOBODY FROM MY DIVISION
MATCHED UP.
SO I BORROWED KATE
FROM S.O.B.
SHE READS REALLY YOUNG.
THE ZOO ZONE
IS AN 18-AND-OVER NIGHTCLUB.
UNDER 21s ARE MARKED
WITH A PINK WRISTBAND
AND AREN'T ALLOWED
TO COME UP HERE TO THE BAR.
KATE AND I SPLIT UP.
I WORKED THE BALCONY.
SHE WORKED
THE DANCE FLOOR.
I THOUGHT SINCE KATE
LOOKED SO MUCH LIKE
THE OTHER YOUNG LADIES
WHO DISAPPEARED,
SHE MIGHT ATTRACT
THE KIDNAPPER.
SHE WAS SUPPOSED TO FLIRT,
MAKE IT CLEAR SHE WAS ALONE,
MEET AS MANY GUYS
AS POSSIBLE.
Provenza:
EVERY 10 MINUTES,
KATE WAS SUPPOSED
TO MAKE CONTACT.
ODERNO HERE WOULD LOOK DOWN,
KATE WOULD LOOK UP.
[ CAMERA SHUTTER CLICKING ]
Oderno: THEN AT 1:00 A.M.,
I LEANED OVER THE BALCONY
AND IT WAS AS IF
KATE HAD VANISHED.
I RAN DOWN TO THE PARKING LOT,
CHECKED EVERY CAR.
SHE WAS NOWHERE TO BE FOUND.
CALLED FOR BACKUP AT 1:15,
HAD THE BOUNCERS
LOCK THE PLACE DOWN.
IN OTHER WORDS, HE USED HER
FOR BAIT AND HE LOST HER.
PATROL SEARCHED THE IMMEDIATE
VICINITY, FOUND NOTHING.
THEN AT 1:48 A.M.,
THEY CALLED ME.
CAPTAIN,
IF I MAY, I COULD --
HOLD THAT THOUGHT,
COMMANDER. JULIO?
Sanchez:
MA'AM, ACCORDING TO AT&T,
KATE SHERMAN'S CELLPHONE
WAS TURNED OFF AT 1:11 A.M.
IT LAST PINGED
ON CAHUENGA BOULEVARD
ABOUT A HALF MILE SOUTH
OF THE HOLLYWOOD FREEWAY.
I THINK WE SHOULD TAKE
AN ACADEMY CLASS
AND BEGIN A GRID SEARCH
OF THIS AREA.
I'D RATHER DO SOMETHING SMALLER
AND LESS VISIBLE.
DETECTIVE SANCHEZ,
GET SOME PATROL OFFICERS
AND TRY AND FIND THAT PHONE,
PLEASE.
MIKE.
THE CAN FROM THE CLUB
WE FOUND KATE'S PRINTS?
TEST NEGATIVE
FOR YOUR BASIC CLUB DRUGS.
WE NEED TO LOOK FOR SOMETHING
THAT'S MORE HEAVY DUTY,
BUT THAT WILL COST.
WHATEVER YOU NEED.
Provenza: ALL RIGHT, HERE'S
THE BIG PICTURE ON THE ZOO ZONE.
BUILDING'S OWNED BY A COMPANY
CALLED WILD ANIMAL INC.
THEY'RE ABSENTEE LANDLORDS
WITH LIMITED TAX LIABILITIES,
OPERATING OUT OF MOLDOVA.
Flynn: SYKES IS STILL OUT
LOOKING FOR THE CLUB MANAGER.
HE'S NOT AT HOME AND HE'S
NOT ANSWERING HIS CELL.
MOLDOVA?
Tao: MOLDOVA IS THE FORMER
SOVIET SATELLITE STATE
KNOWN FOR PROSTITUTION,
PORNOGRAPHY, POVERTY,
THOUGH NOT NECESSARILY
IN THAT ORDER.
CAPTAIN, I'VE JUST FINISHED
LOOKING THROUGH
ALL THE VIDEO
OFF BOTH SURVEILLANCE CAMERAS
FROM THE ZOO ZONE'S
LADIES' ROOM.
NO SIGN
OF OFFICER SHERMAN.
THOSE CAMERAS -- MAYBE
THAT'S WHY THE CLUB MANAGER
IS NOWHERE TO BE FOUND.
SO, THIS GIRL, GINNY WEBB, WAS
MISSING SINCE LAST WEEKEND.
WHAT ABOUT THE OTHER GIRL,
EMMA LANE?
SHE DISAPPEARED WHEN?
Oderno: A MONTH AGO.
SHE'S 19, SO WE CLASSIFIED HER
AS A RUNAWAY.
WHEN GINNY WEBB DISAPPEARED
FROM THE SAME PLACE,
WE REASSESSED.
NOT ENOUGH TO HAVE
PROPER BACKUP.
THERE SHOULD HAVE BEEN
ANOTHER TEAM OF DETECTIVES
OUTSIDE THE CLUB,
MONITORING THE EXITS.
COMMANDER, WE WERE THERE
FOR A LOOK AROUND
AND KATE DID NOT FOLLOW
PROCEDURE.
IF SHE HAD,
WE WOULD NOT BE --
YOU WERE THE SENIOR OFFICER!
YOU WERE RESPONSIBLE FOR
THE SAFETY OF YOUR TEAM, PERIOD!
EXCUSE ME, COMMANDER.
ODERNO, WAIT FOR ME
IN MY OFFICE.
YES, SIR.
McGINNIS, CAPTAIN, LIEUTENANT
PROVENZA, COME WITH ME.
LET'S GET SOME THINGS
STRAIGHT HERE, COMMANDER.
THIS CASE BELONGS
TO MAJOR CRIMES, NOT YOU.
McGinnis: WHEN
AN L.A.P.D. OFFICER VANISHES,
IT'S ALL HANDS ON DECK.
Sharon: AS FAR AS ANYONE OUTSIDE
THIS MURDER ROOM KNOWS,
WE'RE ONLY LOOKING
FOR A YOUNG GIRL
WHO WENT MISSING
FROM A NIGHTCLUB.
Provenza: IT'S OUR ONE
AND ONLY ADVANTAGE.
INSTEAD OF
A DEFENSELESS TEENAGER,
OUR KIDNAPPER
GRABBED A COP.
AND THE SECOND HE FINDS THAT
OUT, KATE SHERMAN COULD DIE.
AND MAYBE
THESE OTHER GIRLS, TOO,
IF THEY'RE NOT DEAD
ALREADY.
I UNDERSTAND
YOUR CONCERNS, COMMANDER.
SURE DOESN'T FEEL
LIKE IT.
THIS ISN'T A DISCUSSION
ABOUT YOUR FEELINGS.
PULL YOUR DIVISION BACK.
HOLD THE INFORMATION
THAT KATE IS MISSING
FROM YOUR SUBORDINATES,
AND STAY OUT OF THE WAY
WHILE THE CAPTAIN
DOES HER INVESTIGATION.
McGinnis: I CHOSE KATE
FOR THIS ASSIGNMENT,
ASSUMING DETECTIVE ODERNO
WOULD DO HIS END OF THE JOB,
AND HE DIDN'T.
AND NOW YOU'RE ASKING ME
TO HAND IT OVER
TO MAJOR CRIMES.
I'M NOT ASKING YOU.
I'M ORDERING YOU.
STAND DOWN.
[ DOOR OPENS ]
THANK YOU, CHIEF.
JUST DON'T SCREW THIS UP.
FIND KATE SHERMAN --
ALIVE.
[ DOOR CLOSES ]
LIEUTENANT, WOULD YOU SAY
THAT OUR KIDNAPPER
DEMONSTRATES PROFESSIONAL SKILL
AND EXPERIENCE?
WELL, THERE'S LITTLE DOUBT
IN MY MIND
THAT WE ARE DEALING
WITH A REPEAT OFFENDER.
MOM.
OH, RUSTY, YOU CAME.
THANK YOU FOR COMING.
THANK YOU, THANK YOU.
OH, SORRY, I HATE FOR YOU
TO SEE ME LIKE THIS.
I JUST -- I HAD NO ONE ELSE
TO CALL.
WHAT HAPPENED?
IT WASN'T --
IT WASN'T DRUGS, HONEY.
I SWEAR.
THEY SAID I WAS SHOPLIFTING,
WHICH IS JUST AN OUTRIGHT LIE.
I WAS PLANNING
ON PAYING FOR EVERYTHING.
I WAS TAKING MY ITEMS
UP TO THE REGISTER,
AND THEN I SAW THIS GIRL
WHO I WENT TO HIGH SCHOOL WITH
OUT FRONT,
AND SHE WAS WALKING AWAY,
SO I WENT TO STOP HER,
BECAUSE WHO KNOWS IF I'M EVER
GONNA SEE HER AGAIN,
AND THEN THE POLICE
ARE HANDCUFFING ME
OVER VITAMINS
AND ENERGY BARS.
RIDICULOUS.
ANYWAY, THE BAIL IS, UH...
IT'S $5,000.
$5,000?
I KNOW IT SOUNDS LIKE A LOT,
BUT YOU ONLY HAVE TO PAY 10%
TO THE BAIL BONDS COMPANY
AND THEN THEY MAKE UP THE REST.
SO IT'S REALLY --
IT'S $500.
DO YOU THINK
THERE'S ANY WAY
YOU COULD, UM, COME UP
WITH $500 SOMEHOW?
WHERE DO YOU THINK
I'M SUPPOSED TO GET $500, MOM?
I M-- DO YOU --
[ SIGHS ]
WELL, DO YOU STILL DO
THAT WORK YOU DID ON THE SIDE?
WHEN I WAS AWAY?
I WOULDN'T JUDGE YOU
IF YOU DID.
ARE YOU SERIOUS, MOM?
NO, I DO NOT DO THAT WORK
ANYMORE
AND NEVER TALK TO ME
ABOUT THAT AGAIN.
OKAY, YOU KNOW WHAT?
FORGET IT.
DON'T.
FORGET IT, OKAY?
FORGET IT.
WHAT ABOUT YOUR FRIEND?
CAPTAIN RAYDOR?
SHE LOVES YOU.
MAYBE SHE'D GIVE YOU
THE MONEY
OR -- OR YOU SAID
SHE DOES DEALS FOR PEOPLE.
MAYBE SHE CAN MAKE
A DEAL FOR ME.
OR MAYBE SHOULD GET ME
TRANSFERRED BACK TO REHAB.
I WILL GO BACK TO REHAB.
IF THIS ISN'T ABOUT DRUGS,
THEN WHY GO TO REHAB?
AND IF YOU'RE INNOCENT
LIKE YOU'RE CLAIMING TO BE,
THEN WHY DO YOU NEED
A DEAL?
SO THAT I COULD GET
OUT OF HERE, RUSTY.
TO GET OUT!
YOU HAVE NO IDEA
WHAT IT'S LIKE IN HERE.
IT'S TERRIFYING.
THE CELLS ARE SO SMALL.
AND THE PEOPLE HERE
ARE SO SCARY.
Kate: OH, NO, NO.
NO! NO, NO, NO!
[ CRYING ]
AND THE BATHROOMS ARE JUST
RIGHT OUT IN THE OPEN.
I FEEL WATCHED AND EXPOSED
EVERYWHERE I GO.
Sykes: MR. TARIIJI, DO YOU KNOW
WHAT YOU'RE LOOKING AT?
Tariiji: MY NIGHTCLUB.
LADIES' ROOM.
REALLY? BECAUSE TO ME,
IT LOOKS LIKE A FELONY,
OR DON'T YOU KNOW THAT A CAMERA
IN A PUBLIC BATHROOM
IS A SEX CRIME?
Attorney: MY CLIENT HAD NO IDEA
THE CAMERA WAS THERE.
Sykes: CAMERAS.
THOSE CAMERAS WERE SYNCHED
RIGHT UP TO A MONITOR
IN THIS GUY'S OFFICE.
DOESN'T MEAN
HE'S A MURDERER.
JUST A PERVERT,
WHICH IN HOLLYWOOD
DOESN'T EVEN MAKE HIM
STAND OUT SO MUCH.
...OVER THE STALLS. AND EACH
CAMERA IS A SEPARATE FELONY.
WHAT THE HELL
ARE YOU DOING HERE?
YOU HAD A HEART ATTACK.
SMALL. CAUGHT EARLY.
IT'S NO BIG DEAL.
DOCTOR SIGNED OFF
ON MY MEDICAL RELEASE.
HAVE YOU TOLD YOUR WIFE
ABOUT THIS?
THEY SHOVED A COUPLE STINTS
IN MY ARTERIES.
I'M GOOD TO GO.
NO, I HAVE NOT TOLD BRENDA.
LOOK, MIKE.
IT'S MY FIRST DAY ON A NEW JOB
AND I HAVE
AN OFFICER MISSING.
I HAVE AN ELECTRIC BLANKET
WIRED TO MY CHEST,
AND I HAVE
A SECOND-IN-COMMAND
WHO FEELS
SHE'S BEEN STEAMROLLED.
WHAT I DON'T NEED
IS MORE STRESS.
I NEED A BRIEFING.
AND BY BRIEFING,
I MEAN...BRIEF.
IS THERE ANYTHING
ON VICAP?
YES.
THERE'S A PATTERN EMERGING
INVOLVING MISSING TEENAGE GIRLS
FROM 18-AND-OVER CLUBS
IN THE GREATER
LOS ANGELES AREA.
FROM SANTA MONICA, FROM
LONG BEACH, AND NOW HOLLYWOOD.
TWO OR THREE GIRLS
DISAPPEAR FROM ONE PLACE
AND THE KIDNAPPERS
MOVE TO ANOTHER.
BUT SO FAR, NO BODIES.
THANKS, MIKE.
MIKE.
I OWE YOU.
[ DOOR OPENS ]
Sykes: YOU LIKE TO SPY ON YOUNG
GIRLS, MR. TARIIJI?
Sharon:
DEPUTY CHIEF HOWARD.
ANYTHING I CAN DO FOR YOU?
YES, CAPTAIN.
I WAS HOPING
TO MAKE MYSELF USEFUL
IN THE SEARCH
FOR KATE SHERMAN.
WHOA.
HOW DO YOU KNOW ABOUT THAT?
McGINNIS WAS ORDERED
NOT TO TELL ANY--
HER SUBORDINATES.
I'M NOT HER SUBORDINATE.
I'M HER BOSS.
Attorney: PERHAPS THE CAMERA
WAS IN THE BATHROOM
TO STOP GIRLS
FROM DOING DRUGS.
HOW DOES YOUR SUSPECT LOOK?
WE HAVE GOOD REASON TO HOLD HIM,
BUT NOT SURE HE'S A SUSPECT.
I'M NOT EVEN SURE
HE'S A WITNESS.
WE'RE SERVING SEARCH WARRANTS
ON HIS CAR, HIS HOUSE,
HIS BUSINESS, HIS PHONE,
AND HIS COMPUTER.
WELL, WE DIDN'T WANT TO DISMISS
HIM OUT OF HAND, EITHER.
Flynn: OKAY, LOOK.
DO YOU RECOGNIZE ANY
OF THESE YOUNG LADIES?
NO.
SO MANY COME TO CLUB.
I LOOK MAINLY
AT THEIR WRISTS.
"NO" IS ENOUGH.
THEIR WHAT?
WRISTS.
NO, HE DOESN'T
RECOGNIZE THEM.
WHY ARE YOU ASKING MY CLIENT
ABOUT THESE YOUNG WOMEN, ANYWAY?
BECAUSE THE LAST TIME
ANYONE LAID EYES ON THEM
WAS AT THE CLUB
YOUR CLIENT MANAGES.
AND THAT'S
A PRETTY BIG COINCIDENCE.
NO, NO.
I WOULD NEVER HELP STEAL GIRLS.
WHO SAID ANYTHING ABOUT
THESE GIRLS BEING STOLEN?
IT'S THE CLEAR IMPLICATION,
ISN'T IT?
OBVIOUSLY THEY WEREN'T MURDERED
ON THE PREMISES,
AND YOU'RE STILL LOOKING
FOR THEM,
SO IT MUST MEAN
THEY WERE KIDNAPPED,
WHICH IS WHY MY CLIENT
PROVIDES VALET SERVICE,
TO ENCOURAGE SAFETY.
YOU STILL HAVE I.C.E.
ON YOUR SPEED DIAL?
OF COURSE.
OKAY.
LET'S GO SHOW
COMMANDER McGINNIS
THAT YOU'RE NOT JUST
A PAPER PUSHER.
MR. TARIIJI'S HEART BREAKS
FOR THEIR FAMILIES,
BUT HE'S NOT RESPONSIBLE
FOR THEIR ABSENCE.
MR. TARIIJI, I'M CAPTAIN RAYDOR.
THIS IS DEPUTY CHIEF HOWARD,
AND WE'RE HERE TO DISCUSS
YOUR VISA ISSUES.
MY CLIENT
HAS NO VISA ISSUES.
HE DOES NOW.
I MAKE ONE CALL
TO IMMIGRATION
ABOUT ARRESTING MR. TARIIJI
FOR FELONY SEX CRIMES,
AND YOU'RE IN DETENTION
UNTIL YOUR TRIAL.
YOUR LITTLE CLUB
FOR TEENAGE GIRLS CLOSES.
WE FREEZE
ALL OF YOUR ASSETS.
NOW, I AM WONDERING
HOW YOUR OVERSEAS BOSSES
WILL REACT
TO ALL OF THAT.
[ SPEAKING
FOREIGN LANGUAGE ]
SHUT UP!
[ SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE ]
PLEASE.
DO NOT TAKE MY VISA.
IF I LEAVE U.S. LIKE THIS,
THEY KILL ME.
THEY KILL MY WHOLE FAMILY.
I BEG YOU, PLEASE!
MY CLIENT SEEKS ASYLUM FOR
HIMSELF AND HIS WIFE AND KIDS.
IF HE CAN TELL US
WHAT HAPPENED TO THE GIRL
WHO WAS TAKEN
FROM YOUR CLUB LAST NIGHT,
HE CAN STAY AS A WITNESS.
I WASN'T THERE LAST NIGHT!
[ GROANS ] OH, MAN.
NO! WAIT!
WHAT ABOUT OTHER GIRL?
THIS ONE.
CAN I BE WITNESS FOR HER?
YOU -- YOU RECOGNIZE
THIS YOUNG WOMAN?
YES, YES. I SAW HER.
SHE WAS VERY DRUNK,
COULD NOT STAND ON HER OWN.
I'M UPSET.
SHE HAS PINK WRISTBAND.
SHE CANNOT DRINK.
AND THEN A MAN COME UP ANGRY
AND GRAB HER,
SAY HE'S GIRL'S BROTHER.
AND YOU BELIEVED HIM.
OF COURSE NOT.
HE COULD BE A RAPIST.
HE COULD BE A BAD GUY.
I NOT LET GIRL LEAVE CLUB
LIKE THAT.
YEAH,
WHAT IF THE POLICE SAW HER
FALLING DOWN DRUNK
OUTSIDE YOUR DOOR?
YOU'D GET SHUT DOWN.
IS CONCERN, YES,
BUT SO IS RAPE.
RAPE IS BAD
FOR BUSINESS, ALSO.
I THINK MAYBE
MAN DRUG GIRL.
IT HAPPENS.
I WALK TO CAR WITH MAN, BUT
HIS WIFE WAIT IN FRONT SEAT.
I THINK, "WELL, NO RAPE."
WHAT DID THIS MAN LOOK LIKE?
WHITE. 30, 35.
30, 35?
THAT COULD BE ANYONE.
NOT YOU.
WHAT ABOUT THE WIFE?
I ONLY HEAR HER VOICE.
SHE STAY IN FRONT SEAT.
I HELP THE GIRL DOWN
IN THE -- NOT TRUNK --
THE BIG BACK OF THE CAR.
WAS IT AN S.U.V.?
YES.
SORRY. S.U.V.
GREEN, OLDER.
I DON'T KNOW WHAT KIND.
MY CLIENT IS HELPING YOU.
CAN YOU GUARANTEE HIS SAFETY?
CAN YOU GUARANTEE
HIS VISA?
WE NEED MORE
THAN WHAT HE'S TOLD US
FOR MR. TARIIJI TO STAY
IN THIS COUNTRY AS A WITNESS.
WHAT ELSE WAS IN THE BACK
OF THE S.U.V.?
SMALL CRATES FOR PET.
HUH?
"SMALL CRATES FOR PETS."
SOME BLANKETS,
LITTLE GROCERY BAGS.
FROM WHAT STORE?
THEY HAD NO WORDS ON THEM.
THEY WERE LITTLE BAGS.
PLAIN COLOR.
[ DOOR OPENS ]
DETECTIVE SANCHEZ
IS BACK FROM HIS SEARCH
AND HE'S FOUND WHAT'S LEFT
OF OFFICER SHERMAN'S PHONE.
OKAY, MR. TARIIJI, WE'RE GONNA
GO OVER ALL THIS AGAIN,
STARTING WITH THIS YOUNG GIRL
AND WHEN YOU FIRST SAW HER.
Ginny: WHERE ARE THE REST
OF THE POLICE?
I PROMISE YOU, GINNY,
THEY'RE LOOKING FOR US.
CAN'T WE JUST WAIT
FOR THEM?
NO, YOU SAID WHEN YOU GOT HERE,
THERE WAS A GIRL
AND THEY TOOK HER AWAY AND THEY
NEVER BROUGHT HER BACK, RIGHT?
AND THAT GIRL SAID THAT THERE
WAS A GIRL WHEN SHE GOT HERE,
AND THEY TOOK HER AWAY
AND NEVER BROUGHT HER BACK.
IT'S BETTER NOT TO WAIT.
YOU GO,
AND I'LL JUST STAY HERE.
GINNY, I CAN'T.
I CAN'T.
THE ONLY WAY OUT OF MY CELL
IS THROUGH YOURS
AND THERE'S A SERIOUS PADLOCK
ON MY DOOR.
YOU DON'T KNOW WHERE WE ARE
OR -- OR WHAT TIME IT IS.
GINNY, WHEREVER WE ARE,
WE NEED TO BE SOMEWHERE ELSE.
DO YOU UNDERSTAND THAT?
NOW, YOU SAID
THERE'S ONLY TWO OF THEM, RIGHT?
YOU'VE ONLY SEEN THE ONE MAN
AND THE ONE WOMAN?
SO FAR.
YOU CAN GET AWAY
FROM JUST TWO PEOPLE.
NOW, I SMELL HORSES,
SO I THINK WE'RE IN THE COUNTRY,
WHICH MEANS THAT
WHEN YOU GET OUT,
YOU NEED TO STAY
OFF THE MAIN ROAD.
HEY, GINNY, LOOK AT ME.
THAT'S VERY IMPORTANT, OKAY?
WHEN YOU GET OUT,
YOU STAY OFF THE MAIN ROAD
UNTIL YOU FIND A HIGHWAY
AND YOU CAN FLAG SOMEONE DOWN
OR YOU GET
TO A BIGGER NEIGHBORHOOD
AND GET SOMEONE
TO CALL THE POLICE.
WHAT'S GONNA HAPPEN
TO YOU?
JUST DON'T WORRY ABOUT ME, OKAY?
YOU JUST WORRY ABOUT THE NEXT
GIRL THAT COULD END UP IN HERE.
WE HAVE TO STOP THESE PEOPLE,
GINNY.
IT'S UP TO US.
[ LOCK CLICKS ]
OH, MY GOD.
OKAY, I THINK I GOT IT.
I THINK I GOT IT.
OKAY, GIVE IT A SHOT.
[ BREATHING HEAVILY ]
[ DOOR CREAKS ]
OH, THANK GOD.
GINNY.
GINNY, YOU HAVE TO GO.
NO, NO, NO, NO,
YOU CAN'T DO THAT, GINNY.
I CAN'T.
YOU HAVE TO GO.
GINNY, LOOK AT ME.
YOU HAVE TO GO, OKAY?
YOU GOT TO GET SAFE.
AND SEND HELP.
UNDERSTAND?
YOU CAN DO THIS.
I KNOW YOU CAN.
GINNY, PLEASE.
OKAY. OKAY.
PLEASE.
YES, OKAY,
JUST KEEP GOING.
OKAY. GOOD.
YOU'RE OKAY.
YOU CAN DO THIS, GINNY.
JUST KEEP GOING
AND DON'T STOP, OKAY?
[ COMPUTER BEEPS ]
Tao: FINALLY.
THESE ARE ALL THE PHOTOS
OFFICER SHERMAN
WAS ABLE TO TAKE
THE NIGHT SHE WAS ABDUCTED.
NOT THE HIGHEST QUALITY.
I ASSUME YOU GUYS PULLED UP
THE -- WHAT IS IT?
SOME
SOCIAL-MEDIA BULLSHIT.
#ZOOZONE, YES,
BUT IT'S NOT THE BEST.
HOWEVER, IF WE CONSIDER ALL
THESE OTHER GIRLS WENT MISSING
FROM 18-AND-OVER CLUBS
FROM SURROUNDING JURISDICTIONS
TO BE PART
OF THE SAME PATTERN --
AND WE COMPARE KATE SHERMAN'S
PHOTOS TO THE DATES
EACH ONE OF THESE YOUNG LADIES
WENT MISSING...
MAYBE WE CAN FIND
A MATCHING FACE SOMEWHERE
IN THE HASHTAG UNIVERSE.
Sharon: REMEMBER, IT'S NOT
JUST A MAN WE'RE LOOKING FOR.
THERE'S A WOMAN INVOLVED HERE
SOMEHOW, TOO.
Sanchez: IF THEY'RE A TEAM,
THE WOMAN COULD BE THE ONE
DRUGGING THE GIRLS.
WHAT ABOUT THAT DRUG?
HAS S.I.D. IDENTIFIED IT?
SORRY. I'M IN MY OLD
CHICKEN-AND-EGG DILEMMA.
[ SIGHS ] YOU KNOW,
IT'S EASIER FOR ME
TO DETERMINE THE DRUG
IF I KNOW WHAT I'M LOOKING FOR
AND I DON'T...
YET.
OKAY.
LET'S ENLARGE EVERY ONE OF THESE
PHOTOS AND PRINT THEM UP.
I SHOULD PROBABLY
DIGITIZE THEM,
MAKE A MINI-DATABASE,
PUT THEM THROUGH --
IMAGE SEARCH.
MAYBE WE CAN PULL UP
SOME MUG SHOTS,
'CAUSE
WHOEVER THESE PEOPLE ARE
SHOULD HAVE
A CRIMINAL RECORD.
Provenza:
THIS ISN'T THE FIRST TIME
YOUR MOTHER
HAS BEEN ARRESTED.
HOW LONG HAS SHE BEEN
IN COUNTY?
SINCE LAST WEEK.
SHE ONLY JUST CALLED ME
BECAUSE SHE SAID
SHE DIDN'T WANT TO COME
INTO MY LIFE AS A PROBLEM.
[ SCOFFS ]
AND THEN SHE ASKED YOU FOR $500
TO GET HER OUT OF JAIL?
WHICH IS RIDICULOUS,
BECAUSE NO BAIL-BONDSMAN
IS GONNA GUARANTEE
THE OTHER $4,500 ANYWAY.
WHY NOT?
BECAUSE THEY WANT
COLLATERAL,
AND YOU DON'T HAVE A HOUSE
OR A CAR TO BORROW AGAINST,
AND THE POLICE CAN'T BAIL HER
OUT, SO THAT'S OFF THE TABLE.
OKAY, WELL, YOU KNOW, THAT'S
ACTUALLY KIND OF A RELIEF,
REALLY, BECAUSE AS LONG
AS SHE'S IN JAIL,
I KNOW WHERE SHE IS,
AND SHE CAN'T BE DOING DRUGS.
[ Chuckling ] OH.
UH, YEAH. RIGHT.
BUT WHY DOES SHE
HAVE TO DO TIME?
RUSTY, LOOK.
[ CLEARS THROAT ]
CRIMINAL THEFT VIOLATES
THE TERMS OF HER PROBATION,
AND IT TRIGGERS
A SIX-YEAR TAIL
TO THE END OF HER LITTLE
SHOPLIFTING SPREE.
OF COURSE,
THE CAPTAIN MIGHT BE ABLE
TO ARRANGE A DEAL FOR HER.
NO. NO.
LIEUTENANT.
I CANNOT DO TO SHARON WHAT
MY MOTHER HAS DONE TO ME,
AND I CANNOT DO THAT TO YOU,
EITHER.
I'M NOT JUST GONNA, LIKE,
HAND MY PROBLEMS OFF
TO OTHER PEOPLE.
LOOK, I HAVE AN APPOINTMENT
TO GO BACK
AND SEE MY MOTHER ON MONDAY,
AND I JUST --
I WANT TO MAKE SURE
THAT I HAVE ALL OF THE FACTS
BEFORE I GO BACK, OKAY?
BECAUSE I KNOW I'M NOT
GONNA GET THEM FROM HER.
OKAY. YEAH.
THAT'S NOT A PROBLEM.
I CAN GET THOSE FOR YOU.
ALL RIGHT.
LIEUTENANT, CAPTAIN
IS GOING TO THE MORGUE
AND WANTS YOU WITH HER.
OH.
RUSTY, WHAT TIME DID YOU SEE
YOUR MOM YESTERDAY?
AROUND 11:00.
OKAY.
[ DOOR CLOSES ]
[ SIGHS ]
Morales: THERE ARE A LOT OF
THINGS HERE I DON'T UNDERSTAND,
SO GIVE ME A SECOND
TO COLLECT MY THOUGHTS.
LADY ON HER HORSE UP
IN CHATSWORTH
SAW SOMETHING SHINY
IN A DITCH OFF THE ROAD.
TURNED OUT TO BE A PAIR
OF HANDCUFFS
ON THE GIRL'S WRISTS.
IT'S GINNY WEBB, YES?
[ SIGHS ]
SHE HAS A BIRTHMARK ON HER
FOREARM THAT MATCHES HER FILE,
SO I FEEL COMFORTABLE
CONFIRMING THAT.
SHE HAS SEVERAL BROKEN BONES
AND BRUISES.
THAT GOES
WITH A BROKEN HEAD LAMP
OFF THE VEHICLE
THAT RAN HER DOWN.
I ALSO FOUND A PIECE
OF THE GRILLE ON THE ROAD
WITH GREEN PAINT FLECKS ON IT.
WELL, THAT PAINT
MIGHT TAKE US
TO THE MAKE AND MODEL
OF THE S.U.V.
IT'S ALREADY GONE
FOR A SPECTRUM ANALYSIS, SIR.
IS IT KATE?
NO, COMMANDER, IT ISN'T.
HOLD ON, PLEASE.
DOCTOR.
OKAY.
LET'S TALK.
FIRST, LOOK AT THE LIGATURE
ON HER WRISTS.
IT'S DEEP, QUITE A BIT OF BLOOD.
I THINK SHE WAS HELD CAPTIVE
FOR SOME TIME
BEFORE SHE MANAGED TO ESCAPE.
I THINK WE KNOW
WHO HELPED HER DO THAT.
AND THAT IS A VERY GOOD SIGN
IF IT'S TRUE.
WHAT MAKES YOU SAY
SHE ESCAPED.
NOTE THE SCRAPES AND BRUISES
ALL OVER HER BODY,
ESPECIALLY ON HER FEET.
MOST OF THEM ARE ANTEMORTEM,
BEFORE SHE WAS HIT BY
THE S.U.V., AND THEY'RE FRESH.
[ SIGHS ] YOUR VICTIM WAS,
UH, RUNNING FOR HER LIFE.
McGinnis: YOU REALIZE IF THIS
GIRL'S ESCAPE WAS FACILITATED
BY KATE SHERMAN, MY OFFICER
COULD NOW BE IN EXTREME DANGER.
WE SHOULD BUILD A PERIMETER
AROUND THE AREA
WHERE THE BODY WAS FOUND,
WORK OUR WAY OUT --
I DON'T WANT TO PRESSURE
THE KIDNAPPERS
MORE THAN WE ABSOLUTELY
HAVE TO, COMMANDER,
ESPECIALLY
BECAUSE I DON'T KNOW
EXACTLY WHO THEY ARE
OR WHERE THEY ARE.
MAY I WEIGH IN?
BECAUSE THERE ARE ODD THINGS
TO DISCUSS
THAT MIGHT HELP YOU.
FOR EXAMPLE?
FOR EXAMPLE, THERE'S NO SIGN
OF SEXUAL ABUSE,
WHICH IS UNEXPECTED CONSIDERING
THE GIRL WASN'T HELD FOR RANSOM,
AND THEN THERE'S DOG HAIR
ALL OVER HER CLOTHES
FROM SEVERAL DIFFERENT BREEDS.
THAT'S WEIRD.
AND SHE APPEARS TO HAVE BEEN
ON SOME STRANGE LIQUID DIET
FOR SEVERAL DAYS,
AND HER STOMACH CONTENTS
HAD DISSOLVED BICARBONATE
OF SODA, CREATINE,
AND A SPECIFIC FORMULA
OF ELECTROLYTES,
AND WHEN I PUT ALL THAT
INTO OUR SEARCH ENGINE,
IT CAME BACK AS A RECIPE
FOR "MILKSHAKING" A HORSE.
Provenza:
WAIT A MINUTE.
THIS GIRL WAS FOUND BY A WOMAN
ON HORSEBACK.
THAT'S RIGHT, SIR.
AND HER CLOTHES
ARE COVERED WITH DOG HAIR.
MR. TARIIJI SAID
HE SAW PET CRATES.
IN THE BACK
OF THE S.U.V.
THOSE SMALL, PLAIN BAGS
WERE NOT FOR GROCERIES.
THEY WERE FEEDBAGS
FOR LIVESTOCK.
MAYBE THAT'S WHY WE CAN'T I.D.
THE DRUG USED
TO KNOCK OUT SHERMAN.
IT WAS
AN ANIMAL TRANQUILIZER.
OKAY, THANK YOU, DOCTOR.
Woman: HOW COULD YOU HAVE LEFT
HER SO CLOSE TO THE ROAD?
WE'RE LUCKY SHE STUCK
TO THE ROAD IN THE FIRST PLACE
AND THAT THE MOTION SENSORS
OUTSIDE THE GATE WENT OFF.
WE SHOULD HAVE
BROUGHT HER BACK,
AT LEAST
TAKEN OFF HER CUFFS.
YEAH, WELL, SHE NEARLY
WRECKED THE TAHOE.
I HAD TROUBLE DRIVING BACK
AS IT IS,
AND YOU WOULDN'T COME
GET ME?
WHERE DID THE OTHER GIRL GO?
YOU WATCHED HER ESCAPE,
SO DON'T ACT INNOCENT.
DID YOU SEE
HOW SHE DID IT?
SHE LEFT WITHOUT ME?
WELL, DID YOU FIND HER?
FORGET THE OTHER GIRL.
SHE'S NOT COMING BACK.
WE'RE PACKING YOU OFF.
WHOA, WHOA. HOLD ON.
SHE'S AT LEAST FIVE POUNDS
TOO HEAVY.
WE CAN'T CARE
ABOUT WHAT SHE WEIGHS.
LOOK, WHAT THEY DO WITH
THESE GIRLS ACROSS THE BORDER
IS RICO'S BUSINESS.
YEAH, WE'RE SENDING THEM
TO A GAME PRESERVE IN MEXICO.
WHAT DO YOU THINK'S GOING ON?!
BUT KILLING THEM HERE
IS NOT GOOD, FRANK.
YOU NEED TO GET HER READY
FOR PICKUP NOW.
AND THIS IS THE LAST TIME
I'M HELPING YOU
SMUGGLE ANYTHING OUT
OF THE COUNTRY
THAT DOES NOT HAVE
FOUR LEGS.
GET UP!
I'M JUST SO TIRED.
DAMN IT, FRANK!
HURRY!
ALL RIGHT. ALL RIGHT.
ALL RIGHT, KID.
TIME FOR A NAP.
[ GRUNTS ]
[ BOTH BREATHING HEAVILY ]
CRATE HER UP
AND GET HER OUT OF HERE!
YOU, UM, YOU'RE SURE
YOU WANT TO SEE THIS?
YEAH.
YEAH, ABSOLUTELY.
I HAVE TO SEE IT.
WELL, IT WASN'T JUST VITAMINS
AND ENERGY BARS.
IN HER PURSE, YOUR MOTHER
ALSO HAD TWO DRESSES
AND A PAIR OF SHOES
SHE HAD LIBERATED
FROM A DEPARTMENT STORE,
PLUS A LITTLE METH.
I DON'T GET IT.
WHY DOES SHE KEEP
USING DRUGS?
WE CAN'T KNOW THE ANSWER
TO THAT.
BUT YOU LISTEN TO ME,
SON.
HER DRUG USE
HAS NOTHING TO DO WITH YOU.
YEAH.
TELL ME ABOUT IT.
Tao: OUR LAB FOUND
A-C-E-P-R-O-M-A-Z-I-N-E.
ACEPROMAZINE,
ALSO CALLED "ACE" OR "ACP,"
IS USED TO SEDATE HORSES
BEFORE SURGERY.
LET'S LOCATE
ALL THE SURGICAL VET CLINICS
WITHIN A FOUR-MILE RADIUS
OF WHERE OUR VICTIM WAS
DISCOVERED THIS MORNING.
Sanchez: EVERYONE, SPECTRUM
ANALYSIS OF THE GREEN PAINT
SAYS WE SHOULD ALSO CHECK IF
ANYONE WORKING AT THESE VETS
DRIVES A 2006 TO 2009
CHEVY TAHOE.
WITH A BUSTED HEADLIGHT AND PART
OF ITS GRILLE MISSING.
COMMANDER.
SO FAR, MY AIRSHIPS REPORT
NO WRECKED GREEN S.U.V.s
IN THE OPEN.
NOW THAT YOU KNOW
THE MAKE AND MODEL,
YOU'LL PROBABLY DO BETTER WITH
A SEARCH OF REGISTERED OWNERS.
JULIO. ANYTHING HERE?
AFTER AWHILE,
ALL THESE GIRLS LOOK ALIKE.
Flynn: PLUS WE DON'T KNOW
IF WE'RE LOOKING FOR A GIRL
OR A GUY OR BOTH.
WE MAY BE LOOKING
AT THE KIDNAPPER RIGHT NOW
AND NOT KNOW IT.
CAPTAIN, THERE ARE
THREE VETERINARY CLINICS
WITHIN A THREE-MILE RADIUS
OF THE SEARCH ZONE.
BUT ONLY ONE THAT HANDLES
LARGE ANIMAL SURGERIES,
AND THE VET, DR. FRANK WILSHAW,
HAS AN ARREST
FOR ILLEGAL
ANIMAL TRAFFICKING.
EXPORTING WILD GAME
TO MEXICO.
Sanchez: OKAY, VETERINARIAN
DR. FRANK WILSHAW
ALSO HAS A CHEVY TAHOE
REGISTERED IN HIS NAME.
WHERE'S HIS CLINIC?
RIGHT HERE.
Fritz: CAPTAIN.
CHIEF.
CAN SPECIAL OPERATIONS
BE OF ASSISTANCE?
S.O.B. COULD SURROUND THE TARGET
WHILE MAJOR CRIMES DETERMINES
IF WE HAVE THE RIGHT LOCATION
AND THE RIGHT SUSPECTS.
AS LONG AS WE MOVE IN ON THIS
CLINIC FIRST, YES, I AGREE.
WHERE WOULD YOU WANT US,
CAPTAIN?
I THINK RIGHT HERE.
[ HORSE WHINNIES ]
[ BELL DINGS ]
HELLO?
[ CAT YOWLS ]
HELLO? ANYBODY?
[ DOG BARKS ]
OH, SORRY TO BOTHER YOU.
IT'S, UH, A LITTLE SLOW
AROUND HERE TODAY, HUH?
Frank: WELL, I'M USUALLY
CLOSED ON SATURDAYS.
AND I'VE GOT A CAT
PREPPED FOR SURGERY.
IS THERE SOMETHING
I COULD HELP YOU WITH?
L.A.P.D.
WE WON'T KEEP YOU LONG.
JUST A COUPLE QUESTIONS.
WE'RE LOOKING FOR ANYONE
WHO MAY HAVE LOST
OR MISPLACED A SHIPMENT
OF ACEPROMAZINE.
DO YOU CARRY THAT?
ACE? YEAH.
I MEAN, ANY VET THAT WORKS
WITH LARGE ANIMALS CARRIES ACE.
ALL MINE'S ACCOUNTED FOR.
SO, NO WORRIES ON THAT.
IS THERE ANYTHING ELSE?
YEAH. YEAH.
IF YOU DON'T MIND, WE HAVE
A CONSENT FORM FOR YOU TO SIGN,
ALLOWING US
TO LOOK IN YOUR GARAGE.
UH...LOOK IN MY GARAGE...
FOR WHAT?
IT'S PROBABLY NOTHING,
BUT WE'RE DOING A VISUAL CHECK
OF ALL THE CHEVY TAHOES
IN THE AREA,
AND THE DMV SHOWS ONE
REGISTERED IN YOUR NAME.
SURE. OKAY.
SO, JUST THE TWO OF YOU
GOING THROUGH MY GARAGE?
IS THAT IT?
YEP. JUST US.
[ SIGHS ]
HEY, YOU WANT
MY GARAGE DOOR OPENER?
GARAGE DOOR OPENER
WOULD BE GREAT, THANKS.
LET ME GO
GET IT FOR YOU.
OKAY.
[ DOG BARKING ]
Sanchez: DROP YOUR WEAPON!
LIE DOWN ON THE GROUND!
[ INDISTINCT SHOUTING ]
[ GUNSHOTS ]
[ BARKING CONTINUES ]
[ DOG WHINES ]
WE HAVE HIM!
HE'S NOT DOING TOO GOOD,
BUT WE HAVE HIM.
NO SIGN OF THE OTHER SUSPECT.
[ HORSE SNORTS, WHINNIES ]
[ SNAPS FINGERS ]
Woman:
HELP! PLEASE! PLEASE!
PLEASE HELP ME!
HELP ME, PLEASE!
OH, GOD.
[ CRYING ]
HELP ME, PLEASE!
HOLD ON!
PLEASE HELP!
WE'RE COMING DOWN.
YOU'RE SAFE.
HELP ME!
[ SOBBING ]
HE BEAT ME, HE STARVED ME!
McGinnis: IT'S OKAY.
ARE YOU HURT?
I DON'T KNOW.
WAS THERE ANOTHER YOUNG LADY
TRAPPED IN HERE EARLIER?
DID THEY HAVE SOMEONE ELSE
WITH YOU?
THERE -- THERE --
THERE WAS THREE OF US.
ONE OF THEM GOT AWAY
AND THEN THEY GRABBED
THE OTHER ONE.
I DON'T KNOW
WHAT THEY DID WITH HER.
I DON'T KNOW.
COME ON!
ALL RIGHT.
OKAY.
IT'S ALL RIGHT.
[ SOBBING CONTINUES ]
[ CAMERA SHUTTER CLICKS ]
HOW LONG AGO DID THEY
TAKE THE OTHER GIRL AWAY?
HOW MANY HOURS?
I DON'T KNOW.
THEY -- THEY DRUGGED ME.
DID YOU HEAR THEM SAY
WHERE THEY WERE GOING
OR HOW THEY WERE
GETTING THERE?
I'M SO SICK!
I'M SORRY! I'M SORRY!
WE'RE TAKING YOU
TO A HOSPITAL.
IT'LL BE OKAY.
YOU'RE GOING TO BE FINE.
McGinnis:
I'LL GO WITH HER.
WE NEED A GOOD
PHYSICAL DESCRIPTION
OF THE OTHER SUSPECT.
WAIT!
ONE SECOND.
THE GIRL IN THE GURNEY.
SHE WAS AT THE CLUB THE SAME
NIGHT KATE SHERMAN WAS ABDUCTED.
WHAT?
YOU KNOW,
SHE DOESN'T LOOK MUCH
LIKE THE OTHER GIRLS
WHO WENT MISSING.
OR LIKE SHE WAS
ON A LIQUID DIET.
THEY -- THEY TOOK BOTH OF US
AT THE SAME TIME.
WHAT DID YOU DO WITH THE OFFICER
THAT YOU HELPED KIDNAP?
WHERE DID YOU PUT HER?
I DON'T KNOW
WHAT YOU'RE TALKING ABOUT!
IS KATE SHERMAN ALIVE?!
IS SHE ALIVE?!
ANSWER ME.
COMMANDER, LET GO.
IS MY OFFICER ALIVE
OR DEAD?
WHERE IS SHE?
YOU HAVE TO LET GO, ANN.
WHERE IS SHE?!
ANN! I AM ORDERING YOU
TO STEP BACK!
[ GRUNTS ]
WHAT IS YOUR NAME?
BECKA WILSHAW,
AND YOU PEOPLE
JUST SHOT MY BROTHER!
WHAT DO I CARE
WHAT HAPPENS TO YOUR COP?
I WANT MY LAWYER!
NO,
YOU DON'T WANT A LAWYER.
Provenza:
IF KATE SHERMAN DIES
WHILE WE'RE WAITING
FOR A LAWYER,
YOU'VE GUARANTEED YOURSELF
A SHOT AT THE DEATH PENALTY.
Sharon: BECKA, WHATEVER
YOU TELL US RIGHT NOW,
WE CAN'T USE AGAINST YOU
IN COURT.
THIS IS A GREAT GIFT.
IT IS ONLY AVAILABLE TO YOU
FOR THE NEXT FEW SECONDS.
AND I SUGGEST YOU USE IT.
[ THUMPING ]
[ KATE GRUNTING ]
[ BRAKES HISSING ]
[ KEYS JINGLE ]
McGinnis:
OFFICER SHERMAN.
OFFICER SHERMAN,
ARE YOU HERE?
I'M HERE.
I'M HERE. I'M RIGHT HERE.
I GOT YOU. I GOT YOU.
McGinnis: ALL RIGHT.
ARE YOU HURT?
NO, I'M FINE.
HERE WE GO.
ALL RIGHT.
GIVE US A HAND, FELLAS.
WE'VE BEEN LOOKING
FOR YOU.
[ CHUCKLES ]
[ KNOCKING ]
Sanchez: L.A.P.D.!
Sykes: L.A.P.D.!
L.A.P.D.!
Provenza:
NOW THAT OFFICER SHERMAN
HAS BEEN SAFELY LOCATED
AND THE FEDS
HAVE TAKEN OVER
THE HUMAN-TRAFFICKING ASPECT
OF THE CASE,
I THINK IT'S TIME FOR YOU
TO CHECK IN WITH RUSTY'S MOM.
I'VE CUED UP THE REALLY AWFUL
PART OF THEIR VISIT.
TRUST ME.
YOU'RE GONNA WANT TO SEE THIS.
BUZZ.
Rusty's mom:
IS THERE ANY WAY
YOU COULD MAYBE,
I DON'T KNOW,
COME UP WITH $500 SOMEHOW?
AND WHERE DO YOU THINK
I'M SUPPOSED TO GET $500, MOM?
I M-- DO YOU --
[ SIGHS ]
DO YOU STILL DO THAT WORK
YOU DID ON THE SIDE?
WHEN I WAS AWAY?
I WOULDN'T JUDGE YOU
IF YOU DID.
ARE YOU SERIOUS, MOM?
NO, I DO NOT DO THAT WORK
ANYMORE
AND NEVER TALK TO ME
ABOUT THAT AGAIN.
YOU KNOW WHAT?
FORGET IT.
FORGET IT, OKAY?
[ CHUCKLES ]
CAPTAIN RAYDOR.
I -- IS MY --
IS MY SON OKAY?
YES. HE'S FINE.
I THOUGHT
I WOULD STOP BY FIRST
AND DISCUSS THE OUTLINES
OF A DEAL.
I TALKED WITH THE DISTRICT
ATTORNEY INVOLVED,
AND I HAVE ARRANGED
A PLEA AGREEMENT FOR YOU.
OH, THANK GOD.
AM I GOING BACK TO REHAB?
NO, NO. I'M AFRAID
THAT SHIP HAS SAILED.
HOWEVER, IN EXCHANGE
FOR OVERLOOKING
YOUR PROBATION VIOLATION,
WE HAVE ARRANGED FOR YOU
TO SERVE THE FULL YEAR
OF YOUR SHOPLIFTING CHARGE
HERE AT COUNTY.
OR, MORE PRECISELY,
364 DAYS,
EVERY ONE OF WHICH
YOU WILL HAVE TO BE SOBER.
THAT'S NOT A DEAL!
OH, IT IS.
IF YOU DON'T REMAIN SOBER
OR IF YOU VIOLATE THE STATUTES
OF PRISONER CONDUCT,
I'LL PERSONALLY SEE TO IT
THAT THE SIX-YEAR TAIL
ON YOUR SENTENCE
IS CARRIED OUT TO THE LETTER
IN AN UPSTATE PRISON.
ARE YOU KIDDING ME?!
BECAUSE I DON'T DESERVE
THIS KIND OF TREATMENT AT ALL!
OH, I AGREE.
UNFORTUNATELY, ANYTHING MORE
I COULD DO TO YOU
WOULD REQUIRE A TRIAL.
BUT I WILL MAKE SURE
THAT YOU ARE DRUG-TESTED
ON A RANDOM BASIS.
I WILL HAVE YOUR CELL
SEARCHED REGULARLY.
ANYTHING ELSE?
I WILL HAVE CONFIDENTIAL
INFORMANTS REPORT TO ME
ON YOUR BEHAVIOR.
AND THIS I PROMISE YOU.
ONE SLIP -- ONE TINY STEP
OFF THE STRAIGHT AND NARROW
TO THE LEFT
OR TO THE RIGHT --
AND YOU WILL AUTOMATICALLY ADD
SIX YEARS TO YOUR SENTENCE.
WHY? WHY ARE --
YOU ARE MAD AT ME
FOR SOME REASON.
I GET IT.
I DON'T KNOW WHY.
THAT'S THE PROBLEM.
WHAT ABOUT
FOR RUSTY'S SAKE?
YOU KNOW, WHAT ABOUT [SIGHS]
FOR THE SAKE OF MY LITTLE BOY?
THIS IS FOR RUSTY'S SAKE.
IT IS.
YOU THINK YOU KNOW ME?
IS THAT IT?
AND YOU THINK
YOU KNOW MY SON?
AND YOU THINK YOU CAN JUST
HAVE ME BOXED UP
AND OUT OF THE WAY?
LADY, LET ME
TELL YOU SOMETHING.
YOU JUST MADE
A REALLY BIG MISTAKE.
I MADE A MISTAKE?
YES, YOU DID.
OH, DEAR.
MM.
ALLOW ME TO POINT OUT
TO YOU
THAT YOU'RE THE ONE WEARING
THE BLUE JUMP SUIT,
SURROUNDED BY GUARDS.
AND I'M GETTING UP
TO GO HOME.
OKAY, NO, B--
AAH!
[ SIGHS ]